Question 5:
           What conclusion can you draw about the grades?

1. All the restaurants in NYC or it's five boroughs receive far more A grades than B, and more B grades than C.
2. In general, all the restaurants in NYC or it's five boroughs are having more and more As from 2010-2014, while the
   number of Bs or Cs remains stable over time.
3. NYC and it's five boroughs share almost the same upward and downward trends for the total number of restaurants with
   A grades over time.
   For example, they all reach a peak around December 2011, April 2013 and April 2014, while hit a low point around July
   2012, July 2013 and July 2014.


Question 6:
           What other information can you find out using this data?

   I think by checking SCORE column, I can find out many useful information. So, I googled DOHMH and learned something:
    "The lower the number score, the better the inspection, with a score of 28 or higher constituting a failing grade."
   So I guess by looking at SCORE column in the data set, I can find out more detailed information about a restaurant's
sanitary situation. For example, I can compare a restaurant's score with others to check the restaurant's relative
sanitary circumstances. Besides, I can plot a line chart to see the changes of a restaurant's sanitary score, as well as
the total number of restaurants who passed the inspection(i.e. with a score lower than 28) over time. I also realized
that there is a pattern between SCORE and GRADE value, so I dug up deeper on Google and found this information:
    0-13 Points = "A"
    14-27 Points = "B"
    28+ Points = "C"
   Using this grading rule, I think, I may fill in some missing numbers under the SCORE column and reanalysis the data
set to get more accurate analysis results. I can also find out the connections between the SCORE and CUISINE TYPE by
plotting certain figures. However, since there are more than 80 Cuisine types, this is not an easy task. So in my codes,
I just chose certain cuisine types to fulfill this goal as an example, instead of analysing the whole data set.(Check
the last part in assignment10.py to see the related codes.) And the figure I presented as Question6.pdf shows that, for
Chinese restaurants, the average rate to pass an inspection is less than 80%, which is lower than the other five types.


           Is the data useful for assessing the quality of restaurants in New York City?

   The data is only useful to assess the sanitary quality of restaurants in NYC, but not the taste or other aspects.
For instance, by checking the SCORE or GRADE column, I can assessing the sanitary quality of restaurants in NYC as well
as the sanitary quality of a certain restaurant comparing to others.